One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you that is expected by everyone else.
No matter how long it takes, true love is always worth the wait.
My mother used to say.. it?s not what you say, it?s how you say it. And you know what? it?s not what you do, it?s how you do it. It?s not what you see, it?s how you look at it. It?s not how your life is, it?s how you live it.
The best way to be happy with someone is to learn to be happy alone. That way the company will be a matter of choice and not necessity.
A sunbeam to warm you, a moonbeam to charm you, a sheltering angel so nothing can harm you.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don?t expect it from cheap people.
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.
You may see me struggle, but you?ll never see me quit.
You can't lose what you never had. You can't keep what's not yours. And you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Life asked death, "why do people love me but hate you?", death responded, "because you are a beautiful lie and I am a painful truth".
You cannot make someone understand a message they are not ready to receive.
People make time for what they want to make time for. People text, call and reply to people they want to talk to. Never believe anyone who says they're too busy. If they wanted to be around you, they would.
The most attractive thing about you should have less to do with your face or body and more to do with your heart and how you treat people.
Throw me to the wolves and I will return to leading the pack.
As strong as I am, as courageous as I feel, I still need someone to tell me "everything's going to be okay, you can do it!"
What a terrible waste of a life it is, to always take the easy path, to never know what it is to risk everything for what you love.
People who make me laugh until I?m physically in pain are my favorite kind of people.
Some days I wish I could go back in life, not to change things, just to feel a few things twice.
There's no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen in the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
We are all visitors to this time, this place, we are just passing through. Our purpose here is to observe, to learn, to grow, to love, and then we return home.
Stay single until you meet someone who actually compliments your life in a way that makes it better. If not, it's not worth it.
A true relationship is two imperfect people who refuse to give up on each other.
Sometimes the reason good things are not happening to you is because you are the good thing that need to happen to other people.
We all have someone who hurts us so much that it changed us forever.
Never push a loyal person to the point where they no longer care.
Pain changes people. It makes them trust less, overthink more, and shut people out.
I don't trust words, I trust actions.
Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
I never cared about the material things my parents could give me. I care about their time, attention, honesty, loyalty, and effort. Those "gifts" mean more than anything money could buy.
Maybe we'll meet again, when we're slightly older and our minds less hectic, and I'll be right for you and you'll be right for me. But right now I am chaos to your thoughts and you are poison to my heart.
Nothing lasts forever. Forever's a lie. All we have is what's between hello and goodbye.
People change for two reasons: either their minds have been opened or their hearts have been broken.
A wise man ought to realize that health is his most valuable possession.
Never underestimate the power of good morning texts, apologies, and random compliments.
You don't need to waste your time on someone who only wants you around when it fits their needs.
One of the best feelings is finally losing your attachment to somebody that isn't good for you.
Having real friends is so much better than having more friends.
A couple years from now, everything you?re stressing about won't even matter, keep moving forward.
Never chase love, affection, or attention. If it isn?t given freely by another person it isn't worth having.
Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be.?
Do not get upset with people or situations, both are powerless without your reaction.