I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
We think too much and feel too little.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
You'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile.
What do you want meaning for? Life is desire, not meaning.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh.
But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
I will not join any club who will take me as a member.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It puts me on a far higher place than any politician.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
I suppose that's one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
All my pictures are built around the idea of getting in trouble and so giving me the chance to be desperately serious in my attempt to appear as a normal little gentleman.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Brunettes are troublemakers. They're worse than the Jews.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
Dictators free themselves, but they enslave the people.
Simplicity is a difficult thing to achieve.
Humor is the sublime wisdom of pity and tolerance in which man recognizes the utter futility of his own enterprise and importance.
Doing something with the public in mind is doing something without your own mind.
I'd sooner be called a successful crook than a destitute monarch.
Whiskey! Never tasted such beastly stuff in my life! In a civilized country they drink wine.
Movies are a fad. Audiences really want to see live actors on a stage.
In this desperate way, I started many a comedy.
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
Imagination means nothing without doing.
In the end, everything is a gag.
Your naked body should only belong to those who fall in love with your naked soul.