By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading, or surrender yourself to self-chosen ignorance.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
The funniest people are the saddest once.
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life.
Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Don't complain about the snow on your neighbor's roof when your own doorstep is unclean.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper name.
If your plan is for one year plant rice. If your plan is for ten years plant trees. If your plan is for one hundred years educate children.
Shall I teach you what knowledge is?
When you know a thing, say that you know it; when you do not know a thing, admit that you do not know it. That is knowledge.
Education breeds confidence. Confidence breeds hope. Hope breeds peace.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
The noble-minded are calm and steady. Little people are forever fussing and fretting.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
He who wished to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
He who keeps danger in mind will rest safely in his seat.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
You cannot open a book without learning something.