Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.
Give me just one generation of youth, and I'll transform the whole world.
There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen.
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation.
It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed.
Sometimes - history needs a push.
The best way to control the opposition is to lead it ourselves.
It is more pleasant and useful to go through the 'experience of the revolution' than to write about it.
One man with a gun can control 100 without one.... Make mass searches and hold executions for found arms.
One of the basic conditions for the victory of socialism is the arming of the workers and the disarming of the bourgeoisie (the middle class).
Fascism is capitalism in decay.
Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bootstraps.
Crime is a product of social excess.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
He who now talks about the "freedom of the press" goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.
Whenever the cause of the people is entrusted to professors, it is lost.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
It is impossible to predict the time and progress of revolution. It is governed by its own more or less mysterious laws.
The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort is able to develop only trade-union consciousness.
In the history of modern socialism this is a phenomenon, that the strife of the various trends within the socialist movement has from national become international.
War cannot be abolished unless classes are abolished and Socialism is created.
Give me four years to teach the children and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted.
If it were necessary to give the briefest possible definition of imperialism, we should have to say that imperialism is the monopoly stage of capitalism.
Can a nation be free if it oppresses other nations? It cannot.
Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever.
A revolution is impossible without a revolutionary situation; furthermore, not every revolutionary situation leads to revolution.
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.
Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin.