I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything.
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
When it comes down to it, I let them think what they want. If they care enough to bother with what I do, then I'm already better than them.
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
The nicest thing for me is sleep, then at least I can dream.
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!
Sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together.
Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul. I know, because I turned down the first offer often enough and held out for the fifty cents.
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
A sex symbol becomes a thing. I hate being a thing.
The thing I want more than anything else? I want to have children. I used to feel for every child I had, I would adopt another.
Your clothes should be tight enough to show you're a woman but loose enough to show you're a lady.
A career is born in public, talent in privacy.
I don't want to make money, I just want to be wonderful.
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.
I'm very definitely a woman and I enjoy it.
If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere.
First, I'm trying to prove to myself that I'm a person. Then maybe I'll convince myself that I'm an actress.
The trouble with censors is that they worry if a girl has cleavage. They ought to worry if she hasn't any.