If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
People are often unreasonable and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
If you are kind, people may accuse you of ulterior motives. Be kind anyway.
If you are honest, people may cheat you. Be honest anyway.
If you find happiness, people may be jealous. Be happy anyway.
The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway.
Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough. Give your best anyway.
For you see, in the end, it is between you and God. It was never between you and them anyway.
Peace begins with a smile.
Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired. Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
God doesn't require you to succeed, he only requires that you try.
What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
I can do things you cannot, you can do things I cannot; together we can do great things.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Joy is a net of love in which you can catch souls.
Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness.
Jesus said love one another. He didn't say love the whole world.
There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who will do the small things.
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
When you have nothing left but God,you have more than enough to start over again.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Joy is strength.