The unexamined life is not worth living.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
Be slow to fall into friendship, but when you are in, continue firm and constant.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people.
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less.
When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
To move the world we must move ourselves.
Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get your heart's desire; the other is to get it.
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
Be as you wish to seem.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
No man undertakes a trade he has not learned, even the meanest; yet everyone thinks himself sufficiently qualified for the hardest of all trades - that of government.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life,
ourselves, and the world around us.
Remember, no human condition is ever permanent. Then you will not be overjoyed in good fortune nor too scornful in misfortune.
The hour of departure has arrived and we go our ways; I to die, and you to live.
Which is better? Only God knows.
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
Call no man unhappy until he is married.
The hottest love has the coldest end.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
The poets are only the interpreters of the Gods.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
Happiness is unrepentant pleasure.