Education is a weapon, whose effect depends on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
Ideas are far more powerful than guns. We don't let our people have guns. Why should we let them have ideas?
History has shown there are no invincible armies.
People who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
It is not heroes that make history, but history that makes heroes.
When there's a person, there's a problem. When there's no person, there's no problem.
Music's a good thing, it calm the beast in the man.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
In the Soviet Union, it's takes more courage to retreat than advance.
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
You do not lament the loss of hair of one who has been beheaded.
When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use.
The writer is the engineer of the human soul.
A sincere diplomat is like dry water or wooden iron.
The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves.
You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves.
If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a "peace conference," you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
Everyone imposes his own system as far as his army can reach.
I trust no one, not even myself.
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
America is like a healthy body and its resistance is threefold: its patriotism, its morality, and its spiritual life. If we can undermine these three areas, America will collapse from within.
I consider it completely unimportant who in the party will vote, or how; but what is extraordinarily important is this: who will count the votes, and how.
Die, but do not retreat.
We think that a powerful and vigorous movement is impossible without differences.
"True conformity" is possible only in the cemetery.
We do not want a single foot of foreign territory; but of our territory we shall not surrender a single inch to anyone.