I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Five percent of the people think;
ten percent of the people think they think;
and the other eighty-five percent would rather die than think.
Genius is 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is to try just one more time.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Negative results are just what I want. They're just as valuable to me as positive results.
I can never find the thing that does the job best until I find the ones that don?t.
I never did a day's work in my life. it was all fun.
There is always a better way.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
We have but two ears and one mouth so that we may listen twice as much as we speak.
I find out what the world needs. Then I go ahead and try to invent it.
I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill.
Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning.
I never failed once. It just happened to be a 2000-step process.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
So far as the religion of the day is concerned, it is a damned fake.. Religion is all bunk.
I owe my success to the fact that I never had a clock in my workroom.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
Be courageous! Have faith! Go forward.
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Relentlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
Maturity is often more absurd than youth and very frequently is most unjust to youth.
It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
I start where the last man left off.
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
There is far more opportunity than there is ability.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.